Instructor: Welcome back.
Let's go back to our GitHub repository and
we are entering
into the section 0804 ALB Ingress, SSL.
So as part of step two,
we already registered it,
new domain named q1cloud.com.
But, for all our examples are demos,
we are going to use our standard domain
StackSimplified.com here.
This is just to learn how
to register a domain name in Route 53.
So now we'll go to step three,
which is creating a SSL certificate
in certificate manager.
So let's go to AWS Management Console
and go to certificate manager service.
And in certificate manager service,
we are going to create a new certificate and
we are also going to call this certificate
as a wildcard certificate.
Which means, with any domain, sub domain name,
this respective certificate should work.
Which means, we are going to give
or generate a certificate named
star.StackSimplified.com.
Or star.yourdomain.com.
So which is called a wildcard certificate.
So we'll click on request.
And request a public certificate.
And we'll click on next
and provide the fully qualified domain name here.
So I'm going to provide it
as star.StackSimplified.com, right.
So this is called wildcard certificate, wherein,
all the sub domains are supported here.
Which means SSL demo 101StackSimplified.com,
abc.StackSimplified.com
so whatever may be my sub domain name.
So everything will be supported here
for the SSL certificate.
Which means, we'll not,
whenever you are using this SSL certificate
and using any sub domain name,
we are not going
to get any SSL certificate popup error
on the browser.
So, and we have provided
the qualified domain name here,
star.StackSimplified.com
and we need to select the validation method.
So we are going to use the DNS validation method.
And we'll click on request, right.
And you can see here, let's wait for it.
So you can see, this is the respective certificate
it has created and
it is saying pending validation.
So let's go to that respective certificate here.
And we can see, it, we need to create a records
in Route 53 for the DNS validation to complete.
So we need to complete the DNS validation step.
So we'll click records in Route 53 here.
So pending validation, so we'll click
on create records
in Route 53, and it is going to automatically
add the records in Route 53.
So create records.
Records successfully added in Route 53.
So let's click on the certificate ID and
verify the same.
So we can see here domains and it is success.
And it has created a CNAME record
with these names.
So we can go to Route 53 surveys, right.
And go to hostedzonesStackSimplified.com, right.
So let's go to hosted zones here.
Where is it?
Here? And in hosted zones, We'll go
to StackSimplified.com and
in StackSimplified.com.
So let's search further, CNAME record
with this value.
So copy and
see if we can find that same thing here.
It successfully create that,
that CNAME record number hosted zone,
which means our DNS validation is successful.
And this respective certificate status is issued.
So this completes the creation of SSL certificate.
In our next lecture, we are going
to work on Ingress SSL related annotations.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye by.
Thank you.